
---Apex Legends MikuMikuDance model---

Modeling by Kurooni.




Read and agree with ALL terms of use written in this txt file before using this MikuMikuDance Model Data.
If you do not agree with all terms of use, or if you do not understand any part of this terms of use txt file, 
you are NOT allowed to use this MikuMikuDance Model Data.

Please read online readme for details.
https://kuroonixxx.hatenablog.jp/entry/ar1027203


------------------------------------------

Distribution may be stopped when the work which is carrying out usage in violation of agreement is discovered. 

MY WISHES:
Do not re-distribute this MMD Model Data.
Private Trading and Public Trading of this MMD Model Data is NOT allowed.
Please use this MMD Model Data at your own risk. I can not be held liable or responsible for any damages caused by using this data.
This MMD Model Data may not be used for any works which contain negative content toward the original product, individual, &/or group.

You are not allowed to make major edits to this MMD Model Data. You may make edits such as adding bones, and recolors.
Do not take this Model apart. You are not allowed to create another MMD Model by using parts of this MMD Model Data.
 (For example, do not take this Model's hair and put it on a different Model.)

Do not use this MMD Model in ANY sexual, erotic, &/or romantic relationships.
Do not use this MMD Model for works which include YAOI/YURI content.

We do not permit performing with ripped models from which data is extracted from the official.

You are NOT permitted to sell this MMD Model data in ANY format, whether digital or in print. 
This MMD Model data may only be used for non-profit purposes. Do not use this MMD Model data for commercial purposes.

Do not share the download password for this MMD Model Data.

You must credit me, "Kurooni", when using this MMD Model Data.

If you find this MMD Model Data re-distributed by anyone other than me "Kurooni" on a NON-JAPANESE website,
I would greatly appreciate it if you could ask them to delete it.

If you find any works on a NON-JAPANESE website which do not follow these rules,
I would greatly appreciate it if you can ask that individual to delete that video &/or image.


｛--Kurooni--｝
mail: soukirex@hotmail.com
twitter: kurooniXXX